---
layout: post
title:  "LotP Lore Bible"
permalink: lotp-lore
tags: vore lore world-building LotP
description: Background for Life of the Party and other works.
---
## Background

*Life of the Party* is set in the year 3016 CE, in a world populated strictly by several different species of anthropomorphic animals with human-level intelligence, who are capable of swallowing and devouring others smaller than them. The word "anthropomorph" and "anthro" are analogous to "*homo sapien*" and "human". In most instances, the setting is highly similar to the United States, circa 2016, though this is purely a coincidence.

Anthros possess a strong level of attachment and instinctual identity to their species, and tend to take on behaviors and diets befitting them. Herbivore species tend to be vegan, while carnivore species will also eat eggs, dairy, and plant-based meat (simply called "meat"). The logistics of farming eggs and dairy from sentient creatures at an industrial-scale is a distressing subject which everyone chooses not to think about.

Importantly however, all anthros are technically omnivores and capable of vore, and while it's a big taboo, both preds and prey tend to possess at least some instinctual impulse to engage in it. Despite often ending in death (either accidentally or on purpose), consensual vore is quite normalized. The identity of "predator" or "prey" depends less on species (although it certainly plays a role), and more on size and willingness to devour people. Outside the act itself, these terms are highly taboo.

The sex/gender binaries still exist, but with the added dimension of size. Public facilities are organized into hierarchies of size: tiny (often less than a foot tall), smaller folk (<6 feet), and largerfolk (>=6 feet).

The world's dominant religion, Cirularism, believes that life follows a reincarnation cycle (the "Circle of Life"). The most hardcore Evangelical Circulists proclaim the biological essentialist belief that anthros should abide by their baser instincts, and return to a carnivore-centric society, fulfilling roles corresponding to their feral predecessors who (according to myth) once walked the earth on four legs. This group views herbivore preds (particularly, herbivore preds devouring carnivore prey), as a depraved inversion of the natural order.