---
layout: post
title:  "Ana Lore Document"
permalink: ana-lore
tags: test non-vore
description: The full biography of Ana Rose Krakowski the hyena.
--

*By Double-A*

This is a tentative biography detailing the life story of my original character and fursona, Ana Rose Krakowski, the spotted hyena. There is no useful reason for it to exist in such detail, except for my own enjoyment and world-building. This material is dubiously canon to *Life of the Party*. Outside the few (mostly joke) references to her in that game, it will probably never affect it meaningfully.

## Ana Rose Krakowski ##

### Youth ###

**Ana Rose Krakowski** (born **[Deadname] Veldetta Jacquelina-Krakowski** in 2994 CE) grew up in the less well-off suburbs of North Lawfield, a town on the west coast, a few hours' drive of the bustling Nexus City, Carizona.

Ana's parents fought a lot. Her mother, **Marie Jacquelina** was a huge (7'4"), boorish, and closed-off woman, constantly occupied with work. Her father, meanwhile, **[Deadname] Krakowski** was a rather small spotted hyena (5'3") with dark brown fur. By age 11, young Ana was as tall as him. Due to his role as a househusband, he gave her lots of care, and she loved him.

One afternoon, Ana (12) returned from her day in the 6th grade to find her mother in tears, and on the verge of vomiting. She tearfully told Ana her father had abandoned them and ran off to Nezavada. Ana never truly believed this. He wouldn't do this. She long suspected her mother had devoured him after a fight. That night, as she sobbed alone in her room, she vowed that once she left, she would never return to her hometown.

### Transgender Dysphoria Blues (15–18) ###

In her small-town high school, she was an outcast and a crotch, wiling away her hours with porn, punk rock, loveless sex, and MMORPGs on her dad's old beige computer. At 15, she realized she was trans, and (unable to access healthcare otherwise) began secretly managing her own hormones without her mom's knowledge. Her new punky haircut and skimpy outfit was just another thing her peers could bully her for.

That was, until she became aware of just how incredibly strong and powerful her enormous body, and how good it felt to use it. Her first meal (age 16) was a junior in her PE class who bullied her. She cornered him alone in the boys' locker room after school. It was guilty, and powerful, and delicious. No one dared insult her after that.

As rumors of her feat spread, she fell in with a crowd of other preds, and by the time she graduated with her 3.8 GPA, she was the alpha bitch. The apex predator. And secretly responsible for the deaths of three other of her classmates.

### College (18–19) ###

At 18, she took out loans and started at West Nexus Technical College, aiming for a degree in engineering. She initially applied to join the campus's Alpha Sigma Kappa sorority (for women in STEM), only to quit once she realized all her other sisters would be prey, and (being a hulking carnivore) she wouldn't be accepted. Most of her weekends that year were spent drunkenly crashing on couches in frat houses. She met a ton of dudes, and ate even more of them.

In her sophomore year (age 19), Ana roomed with a small butch lesbian lioness named Fennel. Usually dorms were segregated by size, but Fennel was accidentally placed in housing for >6-foot anthros due to a data-entry mistake on her written application. The two struck up a friendship, and soon, a friendship with benefits. Ana gradually realized she was a homoromantic bisexual. Fennel harbored a romantic crush on Ana, but never had the guts to admit it, and Ana was too oblivious to recognize it.

In the second semester of her sophomore year (age 19), Ana suffered a stress breakdown from the workload, and ended up devouring her roommate, a small fox named Fennel (usually dorms are segregated by size). Since they couldn't fully prove Ana's responsibility for Fennel's disappearance, they merely expelled her (officially, as punishment for breaking multiple of the dorm's toilets with huge amounts of excrement), and she was banned from the state university system. Fennel formed the template for many of Ana's future relationships.

### Dropout (20–22) ###

***This is Ana's default RP setting.***

From 19 to 22, Ana began floating between parties, apartments, and couches, finding temporary lodging with various friends, lovers, and one-night stands, slowly but surely succumbing to her urges with each and every one of them. She rationalized this by calling them assholes who got what they deserved, but deep down understood it wasn't true. In truth, she was an addict and a sadist. She began just grabbing people off the street, yanking them into dark alleys, and devouring them. She'd stomp random micros on the street. When she couldn't find living meals, she'd scrounge through dumpsters for tossed out food.

She'd start jobs, but being so slobbish, she could never hold them down for long. She got arrested twice for shoplifting, but her other crimes were never caught, despite her regularly bragging about them on the internet. Dumb luck.

### Night of Your Life (23) ###

*See [Life of the Party](https://double-a-stories.github.io/life-of-the-party/).*

A week after her 23rd birthday, during a party, she met **Hollis Freely** (19), a rabbit with a pred kink. Ana nearly digested them, but spit them up at the last second, and they went out for pizza. There, they bonded over both being loner dropouts with self-destructive kinks.

Eventually Ana and Hollis moved in together into a cheap place downtown. She paid her share of rent by pickpocketing her prey. Hollis, indulging both their fetishes, kept this a secret. The pair even briefly dated, but broke up as they both mutually realized Ana would not be able to stop herself from hurting the rabbit. Unable to take the news, and deeply emotional, Ana tried to eat them, but they escaped, leaving on bad terms. Hollis resumed their college education to become a psychologist.

### Rock Bottom (24) ###

Ana, now isolated again, had a full breakdown, quitting her job and staying shut in her apartment for three weeks as eviction letters piled up. Her landlord (and a police officer) showed up to kick her out. She (after 39 hours without sleep, six monster energies, and two full bottles of cheap vodka) was extremely unstable. She begged them for one more day, just to get some sleep, but the landlord addressed her by her deadname "Mr. [...] Krakowksi" (on her lease). She spat a herbivore-phobic slur at him, and the cop escalated the situation, pulling a tazer on her. Ana went fully feral on her her landlord, tackling him to the floor, ripping through his clothes, and trying to hard devour him, before getting eletrocuted into submission. Rock bottom. She got arrested, and was placed in a cushy predator rehabilitation center.

### Slightly Stabilized (24–25) ###

While in the rehab center, a psychiatrist diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder, and helped her begin to recognize and cope with her destructive patterns of behavior. Also, a doctor noted that her intense mood swings be exacerbated by her rapidly fluctuating testosterone levels, and prescribed her new meds. feeling very slightly more emotionally capable, she was just barely able to hold down a job in a guitar store, and get her old place back.

After release, at the behest of her new therapist, Ana joined a plant-keeping group, and slowly got good at it. It turned out the plant-keepers were also anti-vore activists for prey rights. Experimentally, she joined the Micro Housing Security Program, which offered a pretty generous stipend in exchange for letting a micro live in her apartment and keeping them safe, and providing them mini housing, entertainment, and transportation. She assumed care of Blueberry the Rat, and the two quickly became very close friends.

Eventually, after a drink and some TV, Ana confessed to Blueberry her old habits, because the guilt was eating her alive (probably a poor choice of words). Blueberry was shaken and began to shrank away, but swallowed her fear, and reassured Ana that she wasn't that person any more. Sobbing tears of joy, Ana kissed Blueberry on the head, and placed her safely back in her enclosure.